Added ios & android technique and tool for re-flutter (by @appknox) (#2600)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tools/generic/MASTG-TOOL-0100.md

Reviewer: Could you add a new TOOL file for disable-flutter-tls-verification?

```
---
title: disable-flutter-tls-verification
platform: generic
source: https://github.com/NVISOsecurity/disable-flutter-tls-verification
---

[disable-flutter-tls-verification](https://github.com/Impact-I/reFlutter) is a Frida script that disables Flutter's TLS verification and works on Android x86, Android x64 and iOS x64. It uses pattern matching to find [ssl_verify_peer_cert in handshake.cc](https://github.com/google/boringssl/blob/master/ssl/handshake.cc#L323). Further information can be found in [this blogpost](https://blog.nviso.eu/2022/08/18/intercept-flutter-traffic-on-ios-and-android-http-https-dio-pinning/).

You can use it via Frida codeshare or by downloading disable-flutter-tls.js from the repo as indicated in these [instructions](https://github.com/NVISOsecurity/disable-flutter-tls-verification).

```

---
title: re-flutter
platform: generic
source: https://github.com/Impact-I/reFlutter
---

The [re-flutter](https://github.com/Impact-I/reFlutter) framework helps to reverse engineer Flutter apps using the patched version of the Flutter library, which is already compiled and ready for application repackaging. This library has a modified snapshot deserialization process that allows you to perform dynamic analysis.

> You can install and use re-flutter by following these [instructions](https://github.com/Impact-I/reFlutter?tab=readme-ov-file#install).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install and use re-flutter by following [the official instructions](https://github.com/Impact-I/reFlutter?tab=readme-ov-file#install).
```
